When the kernel gets very hot -- above 212 degrees Fahrenheit -- the water inside turns to steam , which is a gas .
Whatever the intention , it 's paying off for the local theme park industry .
Nahla Nadawi , 48 , who teaches Arabic at the College of Education for Women at the University of Baghdad , was with her 13-year-old son .
But she quickly added : '' The end all is to keep him out of trouble , -LRB- keep -RRB- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end . ''
There is a thin layer , or hull , that covers the seed .
The gospel music of black churches spoke to a better life in the hereafter , but soul , R & amp ; B and jazz speeded up the timetable so that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now .
Giovanna Ingram is paying $ 75 an hour to have her son , Vinnie , get extra training from a former professional basketball player .
Today , Kapalana is lovely in its own way , said Hauaino , who still lives in the house he rescued from the flow a quarter of a century ago .
Another parent , Mike Munson , regularly sat on the bench during games with an electronic tablet , using a computer application to track and analyze the team 's shots .
Regardless , it 's paying off for the Californian theme park industry .
Participation grew from 35 schools in 2014 to more than 700 this year .
According to Ledford , Northrop executives have said they would build substantial parts of the bomber in Palmdale , creating about 1,500 jobs .
The following three women engineers are making their mark on today 's cars while setting the groundwork for the next generation of young women interested in automotive science and technology .
CHICAGO -- With President Barack Obama expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months , Chicagoans engaged in a bitter fight over a proposal to place it in a public park .
More new jobs are being created for workers with college degrees .
She is involved in the design and engineering of the chassis , the vehicle 's frame .
'' You 're talking about a $ 2 billion airplane by the time they build it , '' said Thomas Christie , who worked as a top analyst inside the Department of Defense for more than three decades before retiring .
'' We have direct orders from the state Supreme Court here in Alabama , and I 'm going to adhere to it . ''
After a mostly snowless winter , the Overland Park , Kansas , man enjoyed finally getting to go sledding with his children .
That has n't stopped his love of learning , and reading , especially histories of European royalty and World War II .
The University of Chicago 's quest to use parkland was the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries , Hufbauer said .
'' Until you know how the sausage is made , you do n't know how expensive it is to make that sausage , '' said Josh Updike , creative director of Rethink Leisure & amp ; Entertainment , which is working on several projects in China and elsewhere in Asia .
Middle school was a rough couple of years for Talmus ' daughter , Lili Smith .
The city had plans to build President Bill Clinton 's library on the edge of downtown .
The blood of dozens of African-Americans was spilled in the first of three attempted voting rights marches to the Alabama capital of Montgomery from Selma 50 years ago , on March 7 , 1965 .
All this creativity was inspired by pain , struggle and bloodshed .
'' By the way , I 'm Avarry , '' she said to Alexander , just as lunch was coming to an end .
Amy Henrikson , of Sherman , Illinois , and Joan Walters , of Springfield , are among seven volunteers who work in the office deciphering and transcribing handwritten letters and documents either written to or by Lincoln .
All of it is interesting , she said , and '' much of it is moving . ''
Mustafa Shahbaz , 26 , an engineer shopping for science books and science fiction novels , said he was glad to see the peaceful city he was familiar with , instead of the Baghdad of bombings and shootings .
Now Kory helps Trinity with her flips .
Pops Staples , patriarch of the acclaimed Chicago gospel group the Staple Singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was horrified .
But when he later tried to buy his freedom , he discovered that his owner had no plans to free him .
The NASCAR Acceleration Nation initiative focuses on the three D 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag -- and includes instructional materials for teachers .
'' You can take any part of the car and talk about how it was engineered and why it 's designed the way it is to interact with the rest of the race car , '' he said .
He watched it in 1991 as it devoured the house where he was born and raised and where his father still lived when the lava made its gradual way to the coast .
In China , the parks draw on themes and stories from Chinese history or fairy tales .
'' Employers give in to their racial bias and they are more likely to offer a job to a white candidate than a black candidate , '' Schmitt said .
He likes the late Iraqi author Ali Wardi and American writer Dan Brown - he has read every book Brown has written except for one .
CHICAGO -- In 2014 , Mary Barra became the first female leader of a major automotive company .
As chief engineer of the Ram 1500 , Krear oversees all budgets , planning , engineering , development , quality and launch management of the truck .
A drawing of Isabella D ` Este by Leonardo da Vinci hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris .
The program hopes to stop this by giving students simple and fun ways to include others during lunchtime .
The farm was the home of Josiah Henson , a slave who escaped and wrote the story of his life .
However , soul , R & amp ; B and jazz said that the good life -- or at least an equal opportunity to live it -- could be experienced now .
When Sun meets a young person interested in Chinese culture , he '' seizes on those moments , '' he said , but they do not occur often .
Pops continued writing and singing about the movement until his last days , as his final recording attests .
When the kernel gets very hot and the water inside hits its boiling point -- above 100 degrees Celsius -LRB- 212 degrees Fahrenheit -RRB- -- it turns to steam .
Women want better storage , nicer lighting and materials , and cars designed for their smaller body size , she said .
But then he heard the radio : A massive glacier had crashed down the mountain .
The University of Chicago 's plan to use parkland made it just the latest in a long and complicated history of land fights involving presidential libraries , Hufbauer said .
The NASCAR Acceleration Nation project focuses on the laws of motion , or what it calls the three D 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag .
And Wal-Mart , which imports more fruits and vegetables from Mexico than any other U.S. company , announced its effort to force improvements up and down its supply chain .
He then typed out the answers using the six keys on a Braille notetaker .
The engineering team asked for me specifically and I 've been accepted very well . ''
The house was once part of a plantation that was the home of Josiah Henson , a slave who escaped to Canada in 1830 and wrote the story of his life .
The NASCAR Acceleration Nation project focuses on the laws of motion .
As chief engineer of the Ram 1500 truck , she oversees all budgets , planning , engineering , development and quality .
With her mentoring group Polished Pebbles , Kelly Fair gives young black girls exposure to female professionals who can offer advice on how to reach their goals .
All this creativity was inspired by the pain , struggle and violence the protesters faced .
A drawing in the Louvre of Isabella D ` Este demonstrates Leonardo 's association with the portrait 's subject .
Winfield 's success in college is part of the reason he can not understand why he is having trouble finding a job .
The song '' Glory '' is in the Oscar-nominated movie '' Selma . ''
Artists who performed the music included Chicago 's Curtis Mayfield , Sam Cooke and the Staple Singers .
Edwards is known for his back-flip off cars after winning races .
Afterward , a group of teens from the community banded together to bring change to their local schools .
He thinks the new stealth bomber program would ultimately cost $ 90 billion .
The starch cools as soon as it bursts , solidifying into a spongy white flake of popcorn .
Mutanabbi Street has long been a place where protests are held .
By 2013 , it became clear that the grunts the Dutch chimps made for apples had come down in pitch .
Schools are picking up on the student-led program , and more than 300,000 students across the country have signed up to participate .
At Colby-Sawyer College , Winfield was a standout student who created the campus ' first gospel choir .
They slowly hauled supplies across the treacherous Khumbu Icefall , a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses that is traversed with shaky aluminum ladders .
Recently , Richie and his class were matching nouns with verbs .
President Abraham Lincoln met Stowe in 1862 .
The United States is about to spend billions of dollars to build a top-secret warplane .
In a drafting formation , the cars are lined up behind each other .
The popcorn moves like a gymnast doing a somersault .
The decision is in the hands of the Air Force , which says it needs a heavy-payload-carrying bomber that is so stealthy it can evade the most sophisticated enemy radar .
They sounded more like the Scottish chimps .
Bailey and his daughter , Taniya , turned the dance into a special day .
He ends up being whipped to death for not revealing the location of escaped slaves .
For that reason and others , most researchers had assumed that referential calls were innate and rigid among nonhuman primates , and not flexible and socially learned as they are among Homo sapiens .
Known scientifically as Zea mays everta , popcorn is the only type of corn that pops .
They put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time .
His parents , who brought him to the U.S. illegally from Guanajuato , Mexico , when he was 8 years old , made just enough to get by with day labor and house cleaning .
NASCAR wants to help kids learn the science behind races like the Daytona 500 .
They are having a harder time than whites finding a job , are more likely to be in a job that does not require a college degree and are being paid less than white workers with the same experience .
'' But there is something that connects each of their stories , a common thread that animates their lives , and that is their hunger for and belief in the power of education . ''
The Air Force is already spending billions of dollars to modernize its current fleet of 150 bombers .
Students from first grade through high school compete in up to five categories -- reading , speed , accuracy , comprehension and spelling -- as well as reading charts and graphs in Braille .
They proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the White House .
What schools are trying to do , he said , is open up religious education to students according to the wishes of the Turkish people .
At the other end of the state , in Huntsville , Baptist minister Ellin Jimmerson had presided over two weddings by lunchtime .
Han Fuling is one who obeyed Mao Zedong 's strictures , making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures .
The NASCAR Acceleration Nation initiative focuses on the three D 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag .
Media reports said at least 10 people were detained in five Turkish cities for organizing the boycott .
To teach the often overlooked science behind races like this past Sunday 's Daytona 500 , NASCAR announced that it will promote STEM inside classrooms and out .
Henson , who lived to age 93 , was born in southern Maryland , and as a child was sold to Riley in 1795 , which reunited him with his mother .
Reports said at least 10 people were detained in five Turkish cities for organizing the boycott .
