When the kernel gets very hot -- above 212 degrees Fahrenheit -- the water inside the seeds heats up .
The Californian theme park industry is growing rich .
Nahla Nadawi , 48 , teaches the Arabic language at the University of Baghdad .
She quickly added that the main thing is '' to keep him out of trouble , -LRB- keep -RRB- him healthy -- maybe get a scholarship in the end . ''
The seeds are covered in a thin layer , like a shell .
Soul music , jazz music and R & amp ; B talked about life changing for the better .
Giovanna Ingram has a son named Vinnie .
Today , Kapalana is lovely in its own way , Hauanio said .
Basketball parent Mike Munson sits on the bench with a tablet , like an iPad .
The Californian theme park industry is growing rich .
Last year , it was in 35 schools .
If Northrop wins , it would build most of the bomber parts in Palmdale , Ledford said .
Three female auto engineers are making a big difference in the car world .
But people in Chicago fought over the plan .
More jobs are being created for people with college degrees .
She is involved in designing the cars ' frames , engines and bodies .
He was an expert at the government 's Department of Defense for more than 30 years .
'' We have direct orders from the state Supreme Court here in Alabama , '' he added .
Last week , they finally got a chance to go sledding .
Richie loves to read .
There is a long history of land fights involving presidential libraries .
The company is working on several projects in China and Asia .
Talmus ' daughter was named Lili Smith .
President Bill Clinton also had trouble with his park .
Many African-Americans were badly hurt during the march from Selma 50 years ago .
The songs were inspired by pain and struggle .
'' By the way , I 'm Avarry , '' the girl said to him .
Amy Henrikson and Joan Walters work on the project .
All of it is interesting , Henrikson said , and '' much of it is moving . ''
He was glad to see Baghdad become a more peaceful city .
Kory helps Trinity do flips .
Pops Staples led a well-known Chicago gospel group .
But he found out that his owner had no plans to free him .
The project will focus on the laws of motion .
You can take any part of a race car and talk about its design , he said .
In 1991 , Hauanio watched the lava burn the house where he was born and raised .
In China , the parks use themes from Chinese history or fairy tales .
More importantly , employers may treat them unfairly because they are black .
He likes to read the Iraqi writer Ali Wardi and the American writer Dan Brown .
Also , just one woman leads a major automobile company .
She is chief engineer of the Ram 1500 truck .
A drawing of the same woman by da Vinci hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris .
It gives students fun ways to include others during lunchtime .
Henson and his family made it to Canada , where he opened a shelter for former slaves .
Soul music , jazz music and R & amp ; B talked about life changing for the better .
When Sun meets a young person interested in Chinese culture , he is eager to talk to them .
Pops continued writing and singing about the movement until just before he died .
When the kernel gets very hot -- above 212 degrees Fahrenheit -- the water inside the seeds heats up .
Scaffels discovered that women want more places to store things , and nicer lighting and materials .
A huge glacier of ice had just crashed down the mountain .
There is a long history of land fights involving presidential libraries .
NASCAR calls them the three D 's of speed -- downforce , drafting and drag .
It buys more fruits and vegetables from Mexico than any other U.S. company .
He then typed out the answers with a special tool .
'' I 've been accepted very well , '' she said .
Henson and his family made it to Canada , where he opened a shelter for former slaves .
The project will focus on the laws of motion .
She is chief engineer of the Ram 1500 truck .
Kelly Fair leads a group called Polished Pebbles .
The songs were inspired by pain and struggle .
A drawing of the same woman by da Vinci hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris .
That is part of the reason he can not understand why he has had such a hard time finding a job .
The movie has a song called '' Glory . ''
Chicago 's Curtis Mayfield , Sam Cooke and the Staples Singers were musicians at the time .
He is known for doing back-flips off cars after winning races .
A group of teens came together to change things .
He thinks the new stealth bomber program would actually cost $ 90 billion .
The kernel turns into the white flake of popcorn that you eat .
Mutanabbi Street has always been a place where protest marches are held .
By 2013 , the sound the Netherlands chimps made for apples changed .
Rogers Middle School took part in the program .
He was a star student and began the school 's first gospel choir .
The guides were carrying supplies up the mountain .
Not long ago , Richie and his class were matching nouns with verbs .
President Abraham Lincoln met Stowe during the time of the Civil War .
The United States wants to build a new top-secret warplane .
A drafting formation is when cars line up one in front of the other .
It was like a gymnast doing a somersault .
The U.S. Air Force will make the final decision .
It sounded more like the Scottish chimps .
Willie Bailey and his daughter , Taniya , had a special day together .
In Stowe 's book , Uncle Tom suffers hard times .
Most scientists thought that apes were born knowing these calls .
Popcorn has a scientific name : Zea mays everta .
They put some kernels in an oven .
His parents brought him to the United States illegally from Mexico .
NASCAR , the racing organization , wants to show kids how .
They are more likely to work in a job that does not pay much and does not require a college degree .
Still , '' there is something that connects each of their stories , '' she said .
The bombers could cost billions of dollars .
Kids from first grade through high school were there .
Police used weapons on the protesters .
What they are trying to do is offer the choice of religious education , he said .
In Huntsville , Baptist minister Ellin Jimmerson had married two people by lunchtime .
Han Fuling followed Mao Zedong 's strict rules .
The project will focus on the laws of motion .
More than 10 people were arrested for organizing the absences .
NASCAR , the racing organization , wants to show kids how .
He was sold to Riley when he was 6 years old and was reunited with his mother .
More than 10 people were arrested for organizing the absences .
